PHPORM-31 Split documentation into multiple files (#2610)
mongodb/laravel-mongodb: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Check the codebase to ensure that your feature doesn't already exist.
- Check the pull requests to ensure that another person hasn't already submitted the feature or fix.

## Run Tests

> The full test suite requires PHP cli with mongodb extension, a running MongoDB server and a running MySQL server.

Reviewer: Optional: we can mention that hybrid reference tests will be skipped if no MySQL was found running (added mainly because I can't be bothered to run MySQL 😅)

Author: Added

- **Add tests!** - Your patch won't be accepted if it doesn't have tests.

> - **Document any change in behaviour** - Make sure the documentations are kept up-to-date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Document any change in behaviour** - Make sure the documentation is kept up-to-date.

```

Author: Fixed.
